Create Blazor how-to (#1022)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: products/pages/src/content/how-to/deploy-a-blazor-site.md

## Creating a new Blazor WASM project  
There are two types of Blazor projects, Blazor Server applications, which run on the server, and Blazor WASM (WebAssembly), which run in the browser. Since Blazor Server is not static, we'll be using Blazor WASM. Create a new Blazor WASM application by running:
```sh
$ dotnet new blazorwasm my-blazor-project
```  
When you have completed your application, make sure to run  
```sh
$ dotnet publish
```
## Creating a GitHub repository

Create a new GitHub repository by visiting [repo.new](https://repo.new). Once you've created a new repository, you can push your local application to GitHub:

```sh
$ git remote add origin https://github.com/yourgithubusername/githubrepo.git
$ git branch -M main
$ git push -u origin main
```

## Deploying with Cloudflare Pages
You can deploy your site to Cloudflare Pages by going to the dashboard, and creating a new site. Select your new GitHub repository that you created above, and in the configuration section, provide the following information:  
<TableLayout>
| Configuration option | Value          |
| -------------------- | -------------- |
| Production branch    | `main`         |

> | Build command        | `curl -sSL https://dot.net/v1/dotnet-install.sh > dotnet-install.sh; chmod +x dotnet-install.sh; ./dotnet-install.sh -c 5.0 -InstallDir ./dotnet5; ./dotnet5/dotnet --version; ./dotnet5/dotnet publish -c Release -o output;` |

Author: Is there some Cloudflare-based place I can upload a shell script? I feel like people wouldn't be too comfortable making the script's location "githubusercontent.com" or something.

> | Build command        | `curl -sSL https://dot.net/v1/dotnet-install.sh > dotnet-install.sh; chmod +x dotnet-install.sh; ./dotnet-install.sh -c 5.0 -InstallDir ./dotnet5; ./dotnet5/dotnet --version; ./dotnet5/dotnet publish -c Release -o output;` |

Reviewer: in this case, I was thinking that the tutorial could suggest some sort of build script that the user should add to their repo, e.g.

```bash
curl -sSL https://dot.net/v1/dotnet-install.sh > dotnet-install.sh
chmod +x dotnet-install.sh
./dotnet-install.sh -c 5.0 -InstallDir ./dotnet5
./dotnet5/dotnet --version
./dotnet5/dotnet publish -c Release -o output
```

then the user could do `chmod +x build.sh`, commit it to their github repo, and the build command in the Pages UI would just be `sh build.sh` - what do you think?

> | Build command        | `curl -sSL https://dot.net/v1/dotnet-install.sh > dotnet-install.sh; chmod +x dotnet-install.sh; ./dotnet-install.sh -c 5.0 -InstallDir ./dotnet5; ./dotnet5/dotnet --version; ./dotnet5/dotnet publish -c Release -o output;` |

Author: Sounds good. I'm making a commit right now.

# Deploy a Blazor Site  
  
[Blazor](https://blazor.net) is an SPA framework that can use C# code, rather than JavaScript in the browser. In this guide, you will build a site using Blazor, and deploy it using Cloudflare Pages.  

## Install .NET

Blazor uses C#, so you will need to [install the .NET SDK](https://dotnet.microsoft.com/download) by grabbing the newest installation from the [.NET downloads page](https://dotnet.microsoft.com/download) and download and running the installer.  

## Creating a new Blazor WASM project  

There are two types of Blazor projects, Blazor Server applications, which run on the server, and Blazor WASM (WebAssembly), which run in the browser. Since Blazor Server is not static, this guide will use Blazor WASM. Create a new Blazor WASM application by running:
```sh
$ dotnet new blazorwasm my-blazor-project
## Creating the build script

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

```

> ## Creating a new Blazor WASM project  
> 
> There are two types of Blazor projects, Blazor Server applications, which run on the server, and Blazor WASM (WebAssembly), which run in the browser. Since Blazor Server is not static, this guide will use Blazor WASM. Create a new Blazor WASM application by running:
> ```sh
> $ dotnet new blazorwasm my-blazor-project
> ## Creating the build script
> 
> To deploy, Cloudflare Pages will need a way to build the Blazor project. In the project's directory root, create a `build.sh` file. Populate the file with this:
> ```sh
> #!/bin/sh
> curl -sSL https://dot.net/v1/dotnet-install.sh > dotnet-install.sh
> chmod +x dotnet-install.sh
> ./dotnet-install.sh -c 5.0 -InstallDir ./dotnet5
> ./dotnet5/dotnet --version
> ./dotnet5/dotnet publish -c Release -o output
> ## Creating a GitHub repository
> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Creating a new Blazor WASM project  

There are two types of Blazor projects, Blazor Server applications, which run on the server, and Blazor WASM (WebAssembly), which run in the browser. Since Blazor Server is not static, this guide will use Blazor WASM. Create a new Blazor WASM application by running:
```sh
$ dotnet new blazorwasm my-blazor-project
```

## Creating the build script

To deploy, Cloudflare Pages will need a way to build the Blazor project. In the project's directory root, create a `build.sh` file. Populate the file with this:
```sh
#!/bin/sh
curl -sSL https://dot.net/v1/dotnet-install.sh > dotnet-install.sh
chmod +x dotnet-install.sh
./dotnet-install.sh -c 5.0 -InstallDir ./dotnet5
./dotnet5/dotnet --version
./dotnet5/dotnet publish -c Release -o output
```

## Creating a GitHub repository

```

> ## Creating a new Blazor WASM project  
> 
> There are two types of Blazor projects, Blazor Server applications, which run on the server, and Blazor WASM (WebAssembly), which run in the browser. Since Blazor Server is not static, this guide will use Blazor WASM. Create a new Blazor WASM application by running:
> ```sh
> $ dotnet new blazorwasm my-blazor-project
> ## Creating the build script
> 
> To deploy, Cloudflare Pages will need a way to build the Blazor project. In the project's directory root, create a `build.sh` file. Populate the file with this:
> ```sh
> #!/bin/sh
> curl -sSL https://dot.net/v1/dotnet-install.sh > dotnet-install.sh
> chmod +x dotnet-install.sh
> ./dotnet-install.sh -c 5.0 -InstallDir ./dotnet5
> ./dotnet5/dotnet --version
> ./dotnet5/dotnet publish -c Release -o output
> ## Creating a GitHub repository
> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Creating a new Blazor WASM project  

There are two types of Blazor projects, Blazor Server applications, which run on the server, and Blazor WASM (WebAssembly), which run in the browser. Since Blazor Server is not static, this guide will use Blazor WASM. Create a new Blazor WASM application by running:
```sh
$ dotnet new blazorwasm my-blazor-project
```

## Creating the build script

To deploy, Cloudflare Pages will need a way to build the Blazor project. In the project's directory root, create a `build.sh` file. Populate the file with this:

```sh
#!/bin/sh
curl -sSL https://dot.net/v1/dotnet-install.sh > dotnet-install.sh
chmod +x dotnet-install.sh
./dotnet-install.sh -c 5.0 -InstallDir ./dotnet5
./dotnet5/dotnet --version
./dotnet5/dotnet publish -c Release -o output
```

## Creating a GitHub repository

```

Create a new GitHub repository by visiting [repo.new](https://repo.new). After creating a new repository, prepare and push your local application to GitHub:

```sh
$ dotnet new gitignore
$ git init
$ git add -A
$ git commit -m "Initial commit"
$ git remote add origin https://github.com/yourgithubusername/githubrepo.git
$ git branch -M main
$ git push -u origin main
```

> ## Deploying with Cloudflare Pages
> 
> You can deploy your site to Cloudflare Pages by going to the dashboard, and creating a new site. Select your new GitHub repository that you created above, and in the configuration section, provide the following information:  
> <TableLayout>
> | Configuration option | Value          |
> | -------------------- | -------------- |
> | Production branch    | `main`         |
> | Build command        | `./build.sh` |
> | Build directory      | `output/wwwroot`       |
> </TableLayout>
> After configuring your site, you can begin your first deploy. You should see Cloudflare Pages installing `dotnet`, your project dependencies, and building your site, before deploying it.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Deploying with Cloudflare Pages

You can deploy your site to Cloudflare Pages by going to the dashboard, and creating a new site. Select your new GitHub repository that you created above, and in the configuration section, provide the following information:  

<TableLayout>
| Configuration option | Value          |
| -------------------- | -------------- |
| Production branch    | `main`         |
| Build command        | `./build.sh` |
| Build directory      | `output/wwwroot`       |
</TableLayout>

After configuring your site, you can begin your first deploy. You should see Cloudflare Pages installing `dotnet`, your project dependencies, and building your site, before deploying it.
```

# Deploy a Blazor Site  
  
[Blazor](https://blazor.net) is an SPA framework that can use C# code, rather than JavaScript in the browser. In this guide, you will build a site using Blazor, and deploy it using Cloudflare Pages.  

## Install .NET

Blazor uses C#, so you will need to [install the .NET SDK](https://dotnet.microsoft.com/download) by grabbing the newest installation from the [.NET downloads page](https://dotnet.microsoft.com/download) and download and running the installer.  

## Creating a new Blazor WASM project  

There are two types of Blazor projects, Blazor Server applications, which run on the server, and Blazor WASM (WebAssembly), which run in the browser. Since Blazor Server is not static, this guide will use Blazor WASM. Create a new Blazor WASM application by running:
```sh
$ dotnet new blazorwasm my-blazor-project

> ## Creating the build script

Reviewer 2: Can't make suggestions without formatting being messed up but

line 14 needs to be ``` to close the code block, then a line space before "##Creating"

To deploy, Cloudflare Pages will need a way to build the Blazor project. In the project's directory root, create a `build.sh` file. Populate the file with this:
```sh
#!/bin/sh
curl -sSL https://dot.net/v1/dotnet-install.sh > dotnet-install.sh
chmod +x dotnet-install.sh
./dotnet-install.sh -c 5.0 -InstallDir ./dotnet5
./dotnet5/dotnet --version
./dotnet5/dotnet publish -c Release -o output

> ## Creating a GitHub repository

Reviewer 2: Line 24 needs to be ``` to close the code block then line 25 needs to be an empty line before "## Creating..."

> Blazor uses C#, so you will need to [install the .NET SDK](https://dotnet.microsoft.com/download) by grabbing the newest installation from the [.NET downloads page](https://dotnet.microsoft.com/download) and download and running the installer.  
> 
> ## Creating a new Blazor WASM project  
> 
> There are two types of Blazor projects, Blazor Server applications, which run on the server, and Blazor WASM (WebAssembly), which run in the browser. Since Blazor Server is not static, this guide will use Blazor WASM. Create a new Blazor WASM application by running:
> ```sh
> $ dotnet new blazorwasm my-blazor-project
> ## Creating the build script
> 
> To deploy, Cloudflare Pages will need a way to build the Blazor project. In the project's directory root, create a `build.sh` file. Populate the file with this:
> ```sh
> #!/bin/sh
> curl -sSL https://dot.net/v1/dotnet-install.sh > dotnet-install.sh
> chmod +x dotnet-install.sh
> ./dotnet-install.sh -c 5.0 -InstallDir ./dotnet5
> ./dotnet5/dotnet --version
> ./dotnet5/dotnet publish -c Release -o output
> ## Creating a GitHub repository
> 
> Create a new GitHub repository by visiting [repo.new](https://repo.new). After creating a new repository, prepare and push your local application to GitHub:
> 
> ```sh
> $ dotnet new gitignore
> $ git init
> $ git add -A
> $ git commit -m "Initial commit"
> $ git remote add origin https://github.com/yourgithubusername/githubrepo.git
> $ git branch -M main
> $ git push -u origin main
> ```
> 
> ## Deploying with Cloudflare Pages
> 
> You can deploy your site to Cloudflare Pages by going to the dashboard, and creating a new site. Select your new GitHub repository that you created above, and in the configuration section, provide the following information:  

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Blazor uses C#, so you will need to [install the .NET SDK](https://dotnet.microsoft.com/download) by grabbing the newest installation from the [.NET downloads page](https://dotnet.microsoft.com/download) and download and running the installer.  

## Creating a new Blazor WASM project  

There are two types of Blazor projects, Blazor Server applications, which run on the server, and Blazor WASM (WebAssembly), which run in the browser. Since Blazor Server is not static, this guide will use Blazor WASM. Create a new Blazor WASM application by running:

```sh
$ dotnet new blazorwasm my-blazor-project
```

## Creating the build script

To deploy, Cloudflare Pages will need a way to build the Blazor project. In the project's directory root, create a `build.sh` file. Populate the file with this:

```sh
#!/bin/sh
curl -sSL https://dot.net/v1/dotnet-install.sh > dotnet-install.sh
chmod +x dotnet-install.sh
./dotnet-install.sh -c 5.0 -InstallDir ./dotnet5
./dotnet5/dotnet --version
./dotnet5/dotnet publish -c Release -o output
```

## Creating a GitHub repository

Create a new GitHub repository by visiting [repo.new](https://repo.new). After creating a new repository, prepare and push your local application to GitHub:

```sh
$ dotnet new gitignore
$ git init
$ git add -A
$ git commit -m "Initial commit"
$ git remote add origin https://github.com/yourgithubusername/githubrepo.git
$ git branch -M main
$ git push -u origin main
```

## Deploying with Cloudflare Pages

You can deploy your site to Cloudflare Pages by going to the dashboard, and creating a new site. Select your new GitHub repository that you created above, and in the configuration section, provide the following information:  
```

> 
> ## Install .NET
> 
> Blazor uses C#, so you will need to [install the .NET SDK](https://dotnet.microsoft.com/download) by grabbing the newest installation from the [.NET downloads page](https://dotnet.microsoft.com/download) and download and running the installer.  
> 
> ## Creating a new Blazor WASM project  
> 
> There are two types of Blazor projects, Blazor Server applications, which run on the server, and Blazor WASM (WebAssembly), which run in the browser. Since Blazor Server is not static, this guide will use Blazor WASM. Create a new Blazor WASM application by running:
> ```sh
> $ dotnet new blazorwasm my-blazor-project
> ## Creating the build script
> 
> To deploy, Cloudflare Pages will need a way to build the Blazor project. In the project's directory root, create a `build.sh` file. Populate the file with this:
> ```sh
> #!/bin/sh
> curl -sSL https://dot.net/v1/dotnet-install.sh > dotnet-install.sh
> chmod +x dotnet-install.sh
> ./dotnet-install.sh -c 5.0 -InstallDir ./dotnet5
> ./dotnet5/dotnet --version
> ./dotnet5/dotnet publish -c Release -o output
> ## Creating a GitHub repository
> 
> Create a new GitHub repository by visiting [repo.new](https://repo.new). After creating a new repository, prepare and push your local application to GitHub:
> 
> ```sh
> $ dotnet new gitignore
> $ git init
> $ git add -A
> $ git commit -m "Initial commit"
> $ git remote add origin https://github.com/yourgithubusername/githubrepo.git
> $ git branch -M main
> $ git push -u origin main
> ```
> 
> ## Deploying with Cloudflare Pages
> 
> You can deploy your site to Cloudflare Pages by going to the dashboard, and creating a new site. Select your new GitHub repository that you created above, and in the configuration section, provide the following information:  
> 
> <TableLayout>
> | Configuration option | Value          |
> | -------------------- | -------------- |
> | Production branch    | `main`         |
> | Build command        | `./build.sh` |
> | Build directory      | `output/wwwroot`       |
> </TableLayout>
> 
> After configuring your site, you can begin your first deploy. You should see Cloudflare Pages installing `dotnet`, your project dependencies, and building your site, before deploying it.
> 
> <Aside>
> 
> For the complete guide to deploying your first site to Cloudflare Pages, refer to the [Getting Started guide](/getting-started).
> 
> </Aside>
> 
> After deploying your site, you will receive a unique subdomain for your project on `pages.dev`. 
> Every time you commit new code to your Blazor site, Cloudflare Pages will automatically rebuild your project and deploy it. You will also get access to [preview deployments](/platform/preview-deployments) on new pull requests, so you can preview how changes look to your site before deploying them to production.
> 
> ## Learn more
> 
> You have successfully deployed your Blazor site on Cloudflare Pages. To learn more about what you can do with the platform, [refer to the Framework Guides section](/framework-guides).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
# Deploy a Blazor Site  
  
[Blazor](https://blazor.net) is an SPA framework that can use C# code, rather than JavaScript in the browser. In this guide, you will build a site using Blazor, and deploy it using Cloudflare Pages.  

## Install .NET

Blazor uses C#, so you will need to [install the .NET SDK](https://dotnet.microsoft.com/download) by grabbing the newest installation from the [.NET downloads page](https://dotnet.microsoft.com/download) and download and running the installer.  

## Creating a new Blazor WASM project  

There are two types of Blazor projects, Blazor Server applications, which run on the server, and Blazor WASM (WebAssembly), which run in the browser. Since Blazor Server is not static, this guide will use Blazor WASM. Create a new Blazor WASM application by running:

```sh
$ dotnet new blazorwasm my-blazor-project
```

## Creating the build script

To deploy, Cloudflare Pages will need a way to build the Blazor project. In the project's directory root, create a `build.sh` file. Populate the file with this:

```sh
#!/bin/sh
curl -sSL https://dot.net/v1/dotnet-install.sh > dotnet-install.sh
chmod +x dotnet-install.sh
./dotnet-install.sh -c 5.0 -InstallDir ./dotnet5
./dotnet5/dotnet --version
./dotnet5/dotnet publish -c Release -o output
```

## Creating a GitHub repository

Create a new GitHub repository by visiting [repo.new](https://repo.new). After creating a new repository, prepare and push your local application to GitHub:

```sh
$ dotnet new gitignore
$ git init
$ git add -A
$ git commit -m "Initial commit"
$ git remote add origin https://github.com/yourgithubusername/githubrepo.git
$ git branch -M main
$ git push -u origin main
```

## Deploying with Cloudflare Pages

You can deploy your site to Cloudflare Pages by going to the dashboard, and creating a new site. Select your new GitHub repository that you created above, and in the configuration section, provide the following information:  

<TableLayout>
| Configuration option | Value          |
| -------------------- | -------------- |
| Production branch    | `main`         |
| Build command        | `./build.sh` |
| Build directory      | `output/wwwroot`       |
</TableLayout>

After configuring your site, you can begin your first deploy. You should see Cloudflare Pages installing `dotnet`, your project dependencies, and building your site, before deploying it.

<Aside>

For the complete guide to deploying your first site to Cloudflare Pages, refer to the [Getting Started guide](/getting-started).

</Aside>

After deploying your site, you will receive a unique subdomain for your project on `pages.dev`. 
Every time you commit new code to your Blazor site, Cloudflare Pages will automatically rebuild your project and deploy it. You will also get access to [preview deployments](/platform/preview-deployments) on new pull requests, so you can preview how changes look to your site before deploying them to production.

## Learn more

You have successfully deployed your Blazor site on Cloudflare Pages. To learn more about what you can do with the platform, [refer to the Framework Guides section](/framework-guides).
```

# Deploy a Blazor Site  
  
[Blazor](https://blazor.net) is an SPA framework that can use C# code, rather then JavaScript in the browser. In this guide, you will build a site using Blazor, and deploy it using Cloudflare Pages.  

> ## Install .NET

Reviewer: Can you add newlines between all of these so the raw markdown is easier to read?

> # Deploy a Blazor Site  
>   
> [Blazor](https://blazor.net) is an SPA framework that can use C# code, rather then JavaScript in the browser. In this guide, you will build a site using Blazor, and deploy it using Cloudflare Pages.  
> ## Install .NET

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
# Deploy a Blazor Site  
  
[Blazor](https://blazor.net) is an SPA framework that can use C# code, rather then JavaScript in the browser. In this guide, you will build a site using Blazor, and deploy it using Cloudflare Pages.  

## Install .NET
```

> # Deploy a Blazor Site  
>   
> [Blazor](https://blazor.net) is an SPA framework that can use C# code, rather then JavaScript in the browser. In this guide, you will build a site using Blazor, and deploy it using Cloudflare Pages.  
> ## Install .NET

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
# Deploy a Blazor Site  
  
[Blazor](https://blazor.net) is an SPA framework that can use C# code, rather than JavaScript in the browser. In this guide, you will build a site using Blazor, and deploy it using Cloudflare Pages.  

## Install .NET
```

Blazor uses C#, so you will need to [install the .NET SDK](https://dotnet.microsoft.com/download) by grabbing the newest installation from the [.NET downloads page](https://dotnet.microsoft.com/download) and download and running the installer.  
## Creating a new Blazor WASM project  

> There are two types of Blazor projects, Blazor Server applications, which run on the server, and Blazor WASM (WebAssembly), which run in the browser. Since Blazor Server is not static, we'll be using Blazor WASM. Create a new Blazor WASM application by running:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
There are two types of Blazor projects, Blazor Server applications, which run on the server, and Blazor WASM (WebAssembly), which run in the browser. Since Blazor Server is not static, this guide will use Blazor WASM. Create a new Blazor WASM application by running:
```

> Blazor uses C#, so you will need to [install the .NET SDK](https://dotnet.microsoft.com/download) by grabbing the newest installation from the [.NET downloads page](https://dotnet.microsoft.com/download) and download and running the installer.  
> ## Creating a new Blazor WASM project  
> There are two types of Blazor projects, Blazor Server applications, which run on the server, and Blazor WASM (WebAssembly), which run in the browser. Since Blazor Server is not static, this guide will use Blazor WASM. Create a new Blazor WASM application by running:
> ```sh
> $ dotnet new blazorwasm my-blazor-project
> ```  
> When you have completed your application, make sure to run  
> ```sh
> $ dotnet publish
> ```

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

Blazor uses C#, so you will need to [install the .NET SDK](https://dotnet.microsoft.com/download) by grabbing the newest installation from the [.NET downloads page](https://dotnet.microsoft.com/download) and download and running the installer.  

## Creating a new Blazor WASM project  

There are two types of Blazor projects, Blazor Server applications, which run on the server, and Blazor WASM (WebAssembly), which run in the browser. Since Blazor Server is not static, this guide will use Blazor WASM. Create a new Blazor WASM application by running:
```sh
$ dotnet new blazorwasm my-blazor-project
```  
When you have completed your application, make sure to run:
```sh
$ dotnet publish
```
```

> ## Creating the build script
> To deploy, Cloudflare Pages will need a way to build the Blazor project. In the project's directory root, create a `build.sh` file. Populate it with this:
> ```sh
> #!/bin/sh
> curl -sSL https://dot.net/v1/dotnet-install.sh > dotnet-install.sh
> chmod +x dotnet-install.sh
> ./dotnet-install.sh -c 5.0 -InstallDir ./dotnet5
> ./dotnet5/dotnet --version
> ./dotnet5/dotnet publish -c Release -o output
> ```
> Then, make the file executable by running:
> ```sh
> chmod +x build.sh
> ```

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Creating the build script

To deploy, Cloudflare Pages will need a way to build the Blazor project. In the project's directory root, create a `build.sh` file. Populate the file with this:
```sh
#!/bin/sh
curl -sSL https://dot.net/v1/dotnet-install.sh > dotnet-install.sh
chmod +x dotnet-install.sh
./dotnet-install.sh -c 5.0 -InstallDir ./dotnet5
./dotnet5/dotnet --version
./dotnet5/dotnet publish -c Release -o output
```
Then, make the file executable by running:
```sh
chmod +x build.sh
```
```

## Creating a GitHub repository

> Create a new GitHub repository by visiting [repo.new](https://repo.new). Once you've created a new repository, you can prepare and push your local application to GitHub:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Create a new GitHub repository by visiting [repo.new](https://repo.new). After creating a new repository, prepare and push your local application to GitHub:
```

```sh
$ dotnet new gitignore
$ git init
$ git add -A
$ git commit -m "Initial commit"
$ git remote add origin https://github.com/yourgithubusername/githubrepo.git
$ git branch -M main
$ git push -u origin main
```

## Deploying with Cloudflare Pages
You can deploy your site to Cloudflare Pages by going to the dashboard, and creating a new site. Select your new GitHub repository that you created above, and in the configuration section, provide the following information:  
<TableLayout>
| Configuration option | Value          |
| -------------------- | -------------- |
| Production branch    | `main`         |

> | Build command        | `./build.sh` |

Reviewer: Sorry, it's picky, but can you run this through a markdown table formatter (I like https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=yzhang.markdown-all-in-one) to make sure these table columns line up in Markdown?

> | Build command        | `./build.sh` |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

Blazor uses C#, so you will need to [install the .NET SDK](https://dotnet.microsoft.com/download) by grabbing the newest installation from the [.NET downloads page](https://dotnet.microsoft.com/download) and download and running the installer.  

## Creating a new Blazor WASM project  

There are two types of Blazor projects, Blazor Server applications, which run on the server, and Blazor WASM (WebAssembly), which run in the browser. Since Blazor Server is not static, we'll be using Blazor WASM. Create a new Blazor WASM application by running:

```sh
$ dotnet new blazorwasm my-blazor-project
```  
When you have completed your application, make sure to run  
```sh
$ dotnet publish
```
## Creating the build script

To deploy, Cloudflare Pages will need a way to build the Blazor project. In the project's directory root, create a `build.sh` file. Populate it with this:

```sh
#!/bin/sh
curl -sSL https://dot.net/v1/dotnet-install.sh > dotnet-install.sh
chmod +x dotnet-install.sh
./dotnet-install.sh -c 5.0 -InstallDir ./dotnet5
./dotnet5/dotnet --version
./dotnet5/dotnet publish -c Release -o output
```
Then, make the file executable by running:

```sh
chmod +x build.sh
```
## Creating a GitHub repository

Create a new GitHub repository by visiting [repo.new](https://repo.new). Once you've created a new repository, you can prepare and push your local application to GitHub:

```sh
$ dotnet new gitignore
$ git init
$ git add -A
$ git commit -m "Initial commit"
$ git remote add origin https://github.com/yourgithubusername/githubrepo.git
$ git branch -M main
$ git push -u origin main
```
## Deploying with Cloudflare Pages

You can deploy your site to Cloudflare Pages by going to the dashboard, and creating a new site. Select your new GitHub repository that you created above, and in the configuration section, provide the following information:  
<TableLayout>
| Configuration option | Value          |
| -------------------- | -------------- |
| Production branch    | `main`         |
| Build command        | `./build.sh` |
```

| Build directory      | `output/wwwroot`       |
</TableLayout>

> Once you've configured your site, you can begin your first deploy. You should see Cloudflare Pages installing `dotnet`, your project dependencies, and building your site, before deploying it.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
After configuring your site, you can begin your first deploy. You should see Cloudflare Pages installing `dotnet`, your project dependencies, and building your site, before deploying it.
```

<Aside>

> For the complete guide to deploying your first site to Cloudflare Pages, check out [our Getting Started guide](/getting-started).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For the complete guide to deploying your first site to Cloudflare Pages, refer to the [Getting Started guide](/getting-started).
```

</Aside>

> Once you've deployed your site, you'll receive a unique subdomain for your project on `pages.dev`. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
After deploying your site, you will receive a unique subdomain for your project on `pages.dev`. 
```

> ## Deploying with Cloudflare Pages
> You can deploy your site to Cloudflare Pages by going to the dashboard, and creating a new site. Select your new GitHub repository that you created above, and in the configuration section, provide the following information:  
> <TableLayout>
> | Configuration option | Value          |
> | -------------------- | -------------- |
> | Production branch    | `main`         |
> | Build command        | `./build.sh` |
> | Build directory      | `output/wwwroot`       |
> </TableLayout>
> After configuring your site, you can begin your first deploy. You should see Cloudflare Pages installing `dotnet`, your project dependencies, and building your site, before deploying it.
> 
> <Aside>
> 
> For the complete guide to deploying your first site to Cloudflare Pages, refer to the [Getting Started guide](/getting-started).
> 
> </Aside>
> 
> After deploying your site, you will receive a unique subdomain for your project on `pages.dev`. 
> Every time you commit new code to your Blazor site, Cloudflare Pages will automatically rebuild your project and deploy it. You will also get access to [preview deployments](/platform/preview-deployments) on new pull requests, so you can preview how changes look to your site before deploying them to production.
> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Deploying with Cloudflare Pages

You can deploy your site to Cloudflare Pages by going to the dashboard, and creating a new site. Select your new GitHub repository that you created above, and in the configuration section, provide the following information:  
<TableLayout>
| Configuration option | Value                |
| -------------------- | -------------------- |
| Production branch    | `main`               |
| Build command        | `./build.sh`         |
| Build directory      | `output/wwwroot`     |
</TableLayout>
After configuring your site, you can begin your first deploy. You should see Cloudflare Pages installing `dotnet`, your project dependencies, and building your site, before deploying it.

<Aside>

For the complete guide to deploying your first site to Cloudflare Pages, refer to the [Getting Started guide](/getting-started).

</Aside>

After deploying your site, you will receive a unique subdomain for your project on `pages.dev`. 

Every time you commit new code to your Blazor site, Cloudflare Pages will automatically rebuild your project and deploy it. You will also get access to [preview deployments](/platform/preview-deployments) on new pull requests, so you can preview how changes look to your site before deploying them to production.

```

> ## Deploying with Cloudflare Pages
> You can deploy your site to Cloudflare Pages by going to the dashboard, and creating a new site. Select your new GitHub repository that you created above, and in the configuration section, provide the following information:  
> <TableLayout>
> | Configuration option | Value          |
> | -------------------- | -------------- |
> | Production branch    | `main`         |
> | Build command        | `./build.sh` |
> | Build directory      | `output/wwwroot`       |
> </TableLayout>
> After configuring your site, you can begin your first deploy. You should see Cloudflare Pages installing `dotnet`, your project dependencies, and building your site, before deploying it.
> 
> <Aside>
> 
> For the complete guide to deploying your first site to Cloudflare Pages, refer to the [Getting Started guide](/getting-started).
> 
> </Aside>
> 
> After deploying your site, you will receive a unique subdomain for your project on `pages.dev`. 
> Every time you commit new code to your Blazor site, Cloudflare Pages will automatically rebuild your project and deploy it. You will also get access to [preview deployments](/platform/preview-deployments) on new pull requests, so you can preview how changes look to your site before deploying them to production.
> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Deploying with Cloudflare Pages

You can deploy your site to Cloudflare Pages by going to the dashboard, and creating a new site. Select your new GitHub repository that you created above, and in the configuration section, provide the following information:  
<TableLayout>
| Configuration option | Value          |
| -------------------- | -------------- |
| Production branch    | `main`         |
| Build command        | `./build.sh` |
| Build directory      | `output/wwwroot`       |
</TableLayout>
After configuring your site, you can begin your first deploy. You should see Cloudflare Pages installing `dotnet`, your project dependencies, and building your site, before deploying it.

<Aside>

For the complete guide to deploying your first site to Cloudflare Pages, refer to the [Getting Started guide](/getting-started).

</Aside>

After deploying your site, you will receive a unique subdomain for your project on `pages.dev`. 
Every time you commit new code to your Blazor site, Cloudflare Pages will automatically rebuild your project and deploy it. You will also get access to [preview deployments](/platform/preview-deployments) on new pull requests, so you can preview how changes look to your site before deploying them to production.

```

> Every time you commit new code to your Blazor site, Cloudflare Pages will automatically rebuild your project and deploy it. You'll also get access to [preview deployments](/platform/preview-deployments) on new pull requests, so you can preview how changes look to your site before deploying them to production.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Every time you commit new code to your Blazor site, Cloudflare Pages will automatically rebuild your project and deploy it. You will also get access to [preview deployments](/platform/preview-deployments) on new pull requests, so you can preview how changes look to your site before deploying them to production.
```

## Learn more

> Congrats, you've deployed your Blazor site on Cloudflare Pages! To learn more about what you can do with the platform, [check out our How-To section](/how-to).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Congrats, you've deployed your Blazor site on Cloudflare Pages! To learn more about what you can do with the platform, [check out our Framework Guides section](/framework-guides).
```
